# API

The OpenAPI specification for Kafkamoon API can be seen on `{host}/swagger-ui/index.html`.

## Problems detail

This API aims to closely follow the [Problem Details for HTTP APIs](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7807)
specification.

### Topic with conflict

This error can occur when there is a topic with the name provided. To solve this problem you need to:

- Create a new topic with another name

!> We do not have a request to update the topic name.

### Invalid request

This error is a client error with status 400 (Bad Request). Please see the OpenAPI specification to use the API
correctly.

### Topic name exceeded limit

The error occurs because the full topic name, generated by concatenating `${messageType}.${dataset}.${dataName}`,
exceeds the maximum length allowed.

> For more details about topic name, see the [explanation section](explanation/?id=topic-name).

### Entity not found

This error indicates that the resource you're looking for does not exist.

### Kafka communication failure

This error occurs when there is a communication between Kafkammon and Kafka cluster.

Possible causes:

- Kafka is slow

To get a better experience for API users we defined a timeout between Kafkamoon and Kafka of 2 seconds, following the
**fail fast principle**.

```properties
kafkamoon.kafka.request.timeout.seconds=2
```

- Kafka is down (or bad configurable)

You need to verify if the Kafka cluster is up and be sure that is listening on the same port configured by Kafkamoon API.
